This repository contains the Songlark Toolchain.

The Songlark Toolchain is copyright Songlark Automata (songlark.net).

The Songlark Toolchain is not free open-source software. It is distributed
under the Songlark Automata Non-Commercial Licence, which is reproduced below,
or under the terms of a Software Usage Agreement that has been made directly
with Songlark Automata. The latter is a separate document.

The Songlark Automata Non-Commercial Licence is a non-free licence that gives
you the right to use the Songlark Toolchain for educational, research or
evaluation purposes only, but prohibits any commercial use.

For commercial use you need a Software Usage Agreement from Songlark Automata.
Further information about obtaining such an agreement is available on the
Songlark Automata website at http://songlark.net/licence2022.

The files contained in the src/rts/ directory, including files in any
subdirectories, are distributed under the terms of the MIT license included
below. (These are the runtime support files, which can be packaged with any
end-user application that makes use of the Songlark Toolchain.)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Songlark Automata Non-Commercial License (applies to the entire repository
   contents except for the runtime system in src/rts/)

Copyright © 2022 Songlark Automata

In this licence, the term "Songlark Toolchain" or simply "Toolchain" refers to
all software, documentation and other artefacts in this repository, as well as
any object or binary forms generated by transforming the Toolchain itself.
Except for the example programs in this repository, the term "Toolchain" does
not include user programs that refer to the Toolchain as a library, nor does it
include any code generated by executing the Toolchain on a user program.
However, any non-commercial restrictions apply transitively to the generated
code, so that using the generated code in a forbidden context is considered to
be using the Songlark Toolchain in a forbidden context.

Songlark Automata grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
royalty-free licence to access, use and modify the Songlark Toolchain for your
own internal, non-commercial purposes. You may also share or distribute copies
of the Toolchain, parts of the Toolchain, or derivative works, subject to the
above non-commercial restrictions.

Academic research, education and evaluation to check fit-for-purpose are all
valid non-commercial uses of the toolchain, even when such an evaluation is
performed within the context of a commercial enterprise.

This licence forbids the use of the Toolchain for commercial purposes including
licensing, selling or leasing the Toolchain; distributing or re-distributing
the Toolchain for commercial purposes; using the software to create commercial
products; or using the software to perform business functions or otherwise
procure commercial gain.

Users wishing to use the Toolchain for commercial purposes should contact the
copyright holder, Songlark Automata, for a commercial licence.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

MIT License (applies to the runtime system in src/rts/ only)

Copyright © 2022 Songlark Automata

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.